Design Choices
==================

#### High level design goals
My project is split into 7 classes. The Main class provides the primary functionality for the game, including setup, gameplay, transition screens, and responding to keyboard input. The Planet and Bouncer classes store information about Planets and Bouncers and have methods pertinent to them in terms of their behavior in the game. The Player class stores information about the state of the game and takes care of updating this information when needed. The Point class provides 2d point objects and a method to get the distance between two points. LevelsContainer class is a container for levels. This object extracts the levels information from files and stores the state of the levels, as well as information about the levels' initial state. There is a class inside of the LevelsContainer file that stores names of planets and their locations after reading them in from the text file. 
####  How to add new features
Adding a new level to the game is very easy. The files contained in the levels/ directory fully describe any given level. The level name of the level file must start with the word level. On a new line, simply put the name of the planet and the x, y location where its top left corner should be placed on the screen separated by spaces. One would have to increase the MAX_LEVELS final variable in Player class accordingly. In order to modify behavior or appearance of bouncers or planets, modifications would have to be made in the Bouncer/Planet classes and in the step method of class Main. In order to modify behavior of the paddle, one would have to tweak methods that reference the paddle in Main. In order to add responsiveness to other keys, one would have to add statements in the handleKeyInput method of Main.
#### Major design choices
The reason that I decided to create several smaller classes is to divert control away from the Main class and to give some of that control to the objects that participate in the game. I decided to keep the big main class and not split it up further for the next reasons. First of all, the paddle did not seem like deserving enough to be its own object. It seemed simpler to keep it as an instance variable of main. There were only two variables that pertained to it. The tradeoff of this was that this resulted in messier code, with some of the methods contained in main that could have been in a Paddle class. I also decided to handle all of the screen displaying in Main, as it seemed that creating a wrapper for the Text class wasn't useful. Another design choice was to keep key handling in main. The structure of this method was that of many if statements. The reason I kept it as if statements was that I didn't know how to solve this problem with inheritance, and it seemed that making a class for every key pressed would be rather excessive and not accomplish much. Additionally, I decided to take the parsing files functionality out of Main and put it in a different file. This decision was made because leaving it in main would have resulted in many more instance variables in Main, which would clutter. Additionally, the task of this class is not directly related to running the game, while everything else in main is, so it was taken out. So, it seemed reasonable to leave the control of the game to the main class, while leaving actions that relate specifically to the participants of the game such as planets and bouncers to be in those respective classes. 
#### Assumptions and decisions 
An assumption that is made in the game is that the bouncer never bounces off sideways from a planet. As planets are circular, the calculation for which way a bouncer was to bounce off was somewhat ambiguous. For rectangular blocks it is easy to calculate the direction of reflection of a bouncer upon striking the block, but planets are more challenging in this respect. I decided to deviate from my plan in that not striking Earth last would result in losing the game. This decision was done because I realized that this was an almost unattainable task, and that the player would almost always lose the game. Instead, I just display a different screen at the completion of the level if Earth isn't destroyed last. The assumption is made that images and levels are the only two source folders, and the code will only look for planets that have names as those of our solar system, and will only look for level files whose name starts with the word level.